h1. amazon-instance

amazon-instance is a tool for creating new Amazon EC2 instances. It allows you to organize your instances
by projects and environments.

h2. Installation

<pre><code>gem install amazon-instance</code></pre>

h2. Configuration

The configuration directory has got the following structure:

<pre><code>
  config/
    general.yml
    projects/
      example.yml
      example2.yml
      ..
    on-boot/
      script.sh
      script2.sh
      ..
</code></pre>

@general.yml@

This file includes the basic configuration.

<pre><code>
access_key_id: YOUR_ACCESS_KEY
secret_key_id: YOUR_SECRET_KEY
ec2_zone_url:  https://eu-west-1.ec2.amazonaws.com
</code></pre>

@projects/@

Each file defines a particular project. Instance options such as AMI id, type, ... should be provided here.
This files are organized by environments. For example, if we want to setup a project called "my-personal-site"
with two environments (development and production), we could do something like this:

@my-personal-site.yml@
<pre><code>development:
  :key_name:          mykeys
  :availability_zone: eu-west-1a
  :instance_type:     m1.small
  :security_group:    my-project-development-web
  :image_id:          ami-52794c26
  :on_boot:           script.sh
    
production:
  :key_name:          mykeys
  :availability_zone: eu-west-1a
  :instance_type:     m1.small
  :security_group:    my-project-production-web
  :image_id:          ami-52794c26
  :on_boot:           script.sh
</code></pre>
    
Notice that we are saying that we want to run script.sh once the instance is created. This script should be
placed into the on-boot directory.

h2. Usage

You can launch new Amazon EC2 instances by using the command @amazon-instance@

<pre><code>
alfonso@alexandra:~$ amazon-instance -h
Options:
  --environment, -e <s>:   Environment (Required)
      --project, -p <s>:   Project (Required)
   --config-dir, -c <s>:   Config directory (optional)
            --quiet, -q:   Quiet mode (optional)
             --help, -h:   Show this message
</code></pre> 

For example:

<pre><code>alfonso@alexandra:~$ amazon-instance -p my-project -e development</pre></code>

h2. License

See LICENSE for details